wrangler 2: route changes, zone id needed for subdomain zones (#6609)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/migration/deprecations.md

## Changes to routes

> Please note a breaking change has been introduced to routes: all Cloudflare dashboard-defined routes for your worker will be **deleted upon deployment** if you have any Wrangler-defined routes for that worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="warning" header="Breaking change for routes">}}

All Cloudflare dashboard-defined routes for your Worker will be deleted upon deployment if you have any Wrangler-defined (`wrangler.toml`) routes for that Worker.

{{</Aside>}}
```

Reviewer 2: 🙏هنگام بازدید از blockchain.com

کد خطا: 1020
